Link to the Webpage
	https://powerful-crag-11460.herokuapp.com/

Interface Relation to Design Principles
	The use of a couple of different colors that contrast each other nicely
	helps with user experience, as we learned in class. Using more neutral
	colors also helps in not taking away from the vibrant images of the gods.
	A grid layout was used for the list (4 columns and 4 rows). This allows
	for the user to easily and quickly traverse the list and allows them to
	easily spot changes happening to the list when filters are being applied.
	Uniformity between each 'card' in the list also helps with traversability
	and memorability.

How Data is Passed Through Each Component
	The list of all of the gods, their images, and their relevant information
	is created outside of the App class. This class then sends this list as a
	prop to the FilteredList component. The FilteredList component deals with
	all of the filtering and sorting through methods called on by onSelects in
	the DropdownButtons. This component also displays the current filters and
	sorting. The FilteredList component sends an updated list (based on 
	the current filters and sorting) of all of the gods and their relevant 
	information as a prop to the Search component. The Search component adds a
	search bar and sends a newly updated list of the gods based on the search
	query to the List component. Lastly, the List component takes this 
	finalized list and displays each item (god) in the list appropriately. It
	also includes the functionality to hide the information (not including the
	image) of each item (god) in the list.

How User Interactions Trigger Changes in the State of Components
	FilteredList, Search, and List all have states. Users can change the state
	in FilteredList by selecting any of the options in the Dropdown Menus for
	filters (class and type) and sorting. Choosing an option in the class
	dropdown will change class in the state, choosing an option in the type
	dropdown will change type in the state, and choosing an option in the
	sort dropdown will change sort and list in the state. Users can change the
	state in Search by typing in the search box. Typing in the search box
	changes search in the state. Lastly, users can change the state in List
	by selecting any of the options in the Dropdown Menu for information.
	Choosing an option in this dropdown will change shown in the state. All of
	these allow for the functionality seen in the webpage.

High-Level Goal
	The high-level goal of this webpage is to help users quickly find some
	information on some of the gods in the game Smite. This allows the user
	to easily get a quick introduction into the gods, find those that they may
	be interested in playing, and explore deeper in the actual game itself. 
	
Purpose of the Webpage
	This webpage is meant to help people who play / are familiar with the video
	game, Smite. Although not all of the gods are displayed on the webpage 
	(because there are over 100), this page allows users to easily find some
	information on certain gods in the game through the use of live filtering,
	sorting, and searching. The user can select certain filters / sorting 
	methods via the dropdown menus on the webpage to help aid with finding the
	desired god/gods. The user can also utilize the search bar to search for
	gods by their names. With the use of the filters, sorting method, and the
	search, the user can easily traverse through the list of gods and get
	information quickly.